Adding warning for #9427 (#9721)
aspnet/Docs: aspnetcore/tutorials/razor-pages/model.md

* Run the app and append `/Movies` to the URL in the browser (`http://localhost:port/movies`).
* Test the **Create** link.

  > [!NOTE]

>   > You may not be able to enter decimal commas in the `Price` field. To support [jQuery validation](https://jqueryvalidation.org/) for  non-English locales that use a comma (",") for a decimal point, and non US-English date formats, you must take steps to globalize your  app. This [GitHub issue 4076](https://github.com/aspnet/Docs/issues/4076#issuecomment-326590420) for instructions on adding decimal comma.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > You may not be able to enter decimal commas in the `Price` field. To support [jQuery validation](https://jqueryvalidation.org/) for non-English locales that use a comma (",") for a decimal point and for non US-English date formats, you must globalize your app. For globalization instructions, see [this GitHub issue](https://github.com/aspnet/Docs/issues/4076#issuecomment-326590420).
```
